Improve documentation on content import (#265)
rdmorganiser/rdmo-catalog: rdmorganiser/README.md

RDMO catalog
============

> This folder contains the content for [RDMO](https://github.com/rdmorganiser/rdmo) curated by the [RDMO-Project](https://rdmorganiser.github.io).

Author: ```suggestion
This folder contains the content for [RDMO](https://github.com/rdmorganiser/rdmo) curated by the [RDMO Consortium](https://rdmorganiser.github.io/Community/).
```

RDMO catalog
============

This folder contains the content for [RDMO](https://github.com/rdmorganiser/rdmo) curated by the [RDMO Consortium](https://rdmorganiser.github.io/Community/).

Install content
---------------

The RDMO content objects (catalogs, attributes, options, conditions, views, tasks) depend on each other, as shown in the [documentation](https://rdmo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/management/data-model.html).

In particular, the installation of question catalogues requires the newest version of attributes, optionsets and conditions. 

Therefore we suggest this sequence to install content in a RDMO instance:

```
./manage.py import /path/to/domain/rdmo.xml
./manage.py import /path/to/conditions/rdmo.xml
./manage.py import /path/to/options/rdmo.xml

> ./manage.py import /path/to/conditions/rdmo.xml # yes, again
> ./manage.py import /path/to/questions/<chosen_catalog>.xml

Author: ```suggestion
./manage.py import /path/to/conditions/rdmo.xml            # yes, again
./manage.py import /path/to/questions/<chosen_catalog>.xml
```
